SC47 Sunset subject:organizationalUnitName (#282)
cabforum/servercert: docs/BR.md

   __Contents:__ If the `subject:organizationName` field is present, the `subject:countryName` MUST contain the two-letter ISO 3166-1 country code associated with the location of the Subject verified under [Section 3.2.2.1](#3221-identity). If the `subject:organizationName` field is absent, the `subject:countryName` field MAY contain the two-letter ISO 3166-1 country code associated with the Subject as verified in accordance with [Section 3.2.2.3](#3223-verification-of-country). If a Country is not represented by an official ISO 3166-1 country code, the CA MAY specify the ISO 3166-1 user-assigned code of XX indicating that an official ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code has not been assigned.

i. __Certificate Field:__ `subject:organizationalUnitName` (OID: 2.5.4.11)  
   __Required/Optional:__ __Deprecated__. 

>    __Prohibited__ if the `subject:organizationName` is absent or the certificate is issued after August 31, 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   __Prohibited__ if the `subject:organizationName` is absent or the certificate is issued on or after September 1, 2022.
```
